
.. raw:: html

   <head>

.. raw:: html

============ 
How to Contribute
============ 

.. raw:: html

   </title>

.. raw:: html

   <style>
                   <!--
           @page Section1 {
               size: 8.5in 11.0in;
               margin: 1.0in;
               mso-header-margin: .5in;
               mso-footer-margin: .5in;
               mso-paper-source: 0;
           }

           table {
               border: solid 1px;
               border-collapse: collapse;
           }

           table td, table th {
               border: solid 1px;
               padding: 5px;
           }

           td {
               page-break-inside: avoid;
           }

           tr {
               page-break-after: avoid;
           }

           div.Section1 {
               page: Section1;
           }

           /* Confluence print stylesheet. Common to all themes for print medi=
   a */
   /* Full of !important until we improve batching for print CSS */

   @media print {
       #main {
           padding-bottom: 1em !important; /* The default padding of 6em is to=
   o much for printouts */
       }

       body {
           font-family: Arial, Helvetica, FreeSans, sans-serif;
           font-size: 10pt;
           line-height: 1.2;
       }

       body, #full-height-container, #main, #page, #content, .has-personal-sid=
   ebar #content {
           background: #fff !important;
           color: #000 !important;
           border: 0 !important;
           width: 100% !important;
           height: auto !important;
           min-height: auto !important;
           margin: 0 !important;
           padding: 0 !important;
           display: block !important;
       }

       a, a:link, a:visited, a:focus, a:hover, a:active {
           color: #000;
       }

       #content h1,
       #content h2,
       #content h3,
       #content h4,
       #content h5,
       #content h6 {
           font-family: Arial, Helvetica, FreeSans, sans-serif;
           page-break-after: avoid;
       }

       pre {
           font-family: Monaco, "Courier New", monospace;
       }

       #header,
       .aui-header-inner,
       #navigation,
       #sidebar,
       .sidebar,
       #personal-info-sidebar,
       .ia-fixed-sidebar,
       .page-actions,
       .navmenu,
       .ajs-menu-bar,
       .noprint,
       .inline-control-link,
       .inline-control-link a,
       a.show-labels-editor,
       .global-comment-actions,
       .comment-actions,
       .quick-comment-container,
       #addcomment {
           display: none !important;
       }

       /* CONF-28544 cannot print multiple pages in IE */
       #splitter-content {
           position: relative !important;
       }

       .comment .date::before {
           content: none !important; /* remove middot for print view */
       }

       h1.pagetitle img {
           height: auto;
           width: auto;
       }

       .print-only {
           display: block;
       }

       #footer {
           position: relative !important; /* CONF-17506 Place the footer at en=
   d of the content */
           margin: 0;
           padding: 0;
           background: none;
           clear: both;
       }

       #poweredby {
           border-top: none;
           background: none;
       }

       #poweredby li.print-only {
           display: list-item;
           font-style: italic;
       }

       #poweredby li.noprint {
           display: none;
       }

       /* no width controls in print */
       .wiki-content .table-wrap,
       .wiki-content p,
       .panel .codeContent,
       .panel .codeContent pre,
       .image-wrap {
           overflow: visible !important;
       }

       /* TODO - should this work? */
       #children-section,
       #comments-section .comment,
       #comments-section .comment .comment-body,
       #comments-section .comment .comment-content,
       #comments-section .comment p {
           page-break-inside: avoid;
       }

       #page-children a {
           text-decoration: none;
       }

       /**
        hide twixies

        the specificity here is a hack because print styles
        are getting loaded before the base styles. */
       #comments-section.pageSection .section-header,
       #comments-section.pageSection .section-title,
       #children-section.pageSection .section-header,
       #children-section.pageSection .section-title,
       .children-show-hide {
           padding-left: 0;
           margin-left: 0;
       }

       .children-show-hide.icon {
           display: none;
       }

       /* personal sidebar */
       .has-personal-sidebar #content {
           margin-right: 0px;
       }

       .has-personal-sidebar #content .pageSection {
           margin-right: 0px;
       }

       .no-print, .no-print * {
           display: none !important;
       }
   }
   -->
       </style>

.. raw:: html

   </head>

.. raw:: html

   <body>

.. raw:: html

   <h1>

How to Contribute

.. raw:: html

   </h1>

.. raw:: html

   <div class=3D"Section1">

::

        <ol>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Become a tester and report bugs in bug tracker : Here is the link <a
href=3D“https://github.com/iNextrix/ASTPP/issues” class=3D“e=
xternal-link” rel=3D“nofollow”>https://github.com/iNextrix/ASTPP/issues

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Write or improve our project documentation : Which is me<img
class=3D“emoticon emoticon-smile” data-emoji-id=3D“1f642” data=
-emoji-shortname=3D“:slight_smile:” data-emoji-fallback=3D“=F0=9F=99=82”
sr= c=3D“e386d45d751e05a5a8487cc01117c938” data-emoticon-name=3D“smile”
alt=3D“= (smile)” width=3D“16” height=3D“16”>

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Become a translator : If you have good command over other language then
here is one more options for you to become a translator for
documentation or portal labels.

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Suggest a feature : If you have an idea you feel could improve the
project, you can suggest us.

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Help with design : If you have a talent for design, why not offer to
help design the project’s website or logo? If you fancy a bigger
challenge, you could volunteer to give the project’s user interface a
makeover.

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Donate by money : You can contribute to survive project, speed project
development and to encourage team. Donation paypal id is < a
href=3D“mailto:billing@inextrix.com” class=3D“external-link”
rel=3D“nofol= low”>billing@inextrix.com.

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   <li>

Build a community : As we are an open source, to survive it needs to
become the center of a large, engaged community. Community means more
people to discover and report issues, suggest new features, and
generally help to spread the word. There’s lots of ways you can help to
grow a project’s community, but a few popular methods are writing blogs
and tutorials, promoting the project on social networks, and becoming
active on its mailing list and/or forums, particularly when it involves
answering questions newcomers have about the project.

.. raw:: html

   </li>

.. raw:: html

   </ol>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

.. raw:: html

   <p>

.. raw:: html

   </p>

::

    </div>

.. raw:: html

   </body>

.. raw:: html

   </html>
